Add Hyper-V firewall powershell cmdlet documentation (#3602)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2022-ps/netsecurity/Set-NetFirewallHyperVVMSetting.md

online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/netsecurity/set-netfirewallhypervvmsetting?view=windowsserver2022-ps&wt.mc_id=ps-gethelp
schema: 2.0.0
title: Set-NetFirewallHyperVVMSetting
---

# Set-NetFirewallHyperVVMSetting

## SYNOPSIS
Configures Hyper-V firewall per-VM settings on the target computer.

## SYNTAX

### ByName
```
Set-NetFirewallHyperVVMSetting [-Name] <string[]> [-Enabled {False | True | NotConfigured}] [-DefaultInboundAction {NotConfigured | Allow | Block}] [-DefaultOutboundAction {NotConfigured | Allow | Block}] [-LoopbackEnabled {False | True | NotConfigured}] [-CimSession <CimSession[]>] [-ThrottleLimit <int>] [-AsJob] [-PassThru] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm]  [<CommonParameters>]
```

### InputObject (cdxml)
```
Set-NetFirewallHyperVVMSetting -InputObject <CimInstance#MSFT_NetFirewallHyperVVMSetting[]> [-Enabled {False | True | NotConfigured}] [-DefaultInboundAction {NotConfigured | Allow | Block}] [-DefaultOutboundAction {NotConfigured | Allow | Block}] [-LoopbackEnabled {False | True | NotConfigured}] [-CimSession <CimSession[]>] [-ThrottleLimit <int>] [-AsJob] [-PassThru] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm]  [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

> The **Set-NetFirewallHyperVVMSetting** cmdlet configures settings for the Hyper-V firewall per-VM settings on the system. These settings are applicable to all Hyper-V firewall ports created by a specific Hyper-V firewall VM creator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The **Set-NetFirewallHyperVVMSetting** cmdlet configures settings for the Hyper-V firewall per-VM settings on the system. These settings are applicable to all Hyper-V firewall ports created by a specific Hyper-V firewall VM creator.

```

This cmdlet should be used when a Hyper-V VM creator has registered its VM creator ID with the system, when another Hyper-V setting is already configured for the specified VM creator ID, or when a Hyper-V firewall port is created with the specified VM creator ID. If none of the above are true, then the New-NetFirewallHyperVVMSetting cmdlet should be used.

## EXAMPLES

### EXAMPLE 1
```
PS C:\> Set-NetFirewallHyperVVMSetting -Name '9E288F02-CE00-4D9E-BE2B-14CE463B0298}' -LoopbackEnabled True
```

> This updates the LoopbackEnabled setting for all Hyper-V firewall ports created by the Hyper-V firewall VM creator specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example updates the LoopbackEnabled setting for all Hyper-V firewall ports created by the Hyper-V firewall VM creator specified.

```

## PARAMETERS

### -AsJob
Runs the cmdlet as a background job. Use this parameter to run commands that take a long time to complete.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -CimSession
Runs the cmdlet in a remote session or on a remote computer.
Enter a computer name or a session object, such as the output of a [New-CimSession](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=227967) or [Get-CimSession](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=227966) cmdlet.
The default is the current session on the local computer.

```yaml
Type: CimSession[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: Session
Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultInboundAction

> Specifies how to filter inbound traffic which does not match any Hyper-V firewall rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies how to filter inbound traffic that does not match any Hyper-V firewall rules.

```

This setting applies the configuration to all profiles. For configuring at a per-profile granularity, use the `Set-NetFirewallHyperVProfile` cmdlet.

The acceptable values for this parameter are: NotConfigured, Allow, or Block. 

- Block: Blocks inbound network traffic that does not match an inbound rule. 
- Allow: Allows all inbound network traffic, whether or not it matches an inbound rule. 
- NotConfigured: Resets this value back to its default.

The default setting is Block.

```yaml
Type: Action
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: NotConfigured, Allow, Block

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultOutboundAction

> Specifies how to filter outbound traffic which does not match any Hyper-V firewall rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies how to filter outbound traffic that does not match any Hyper-V firewall rules.

```

Aliases: 
Accepted values: False, True, NotConfigured

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -LoopbackEnabled
Determines whether or not guest-host loopback traffic is allowed.

This setting is orthogonal to any existing Hyper-V firewall rules. That is, both this setting and the set of Hyper-V firewall rules must both be configured to allow guest-host communication. Furthermore, if either this setting or a Hyper-V firewall rule blocks the communication, it will be blocked.

The acceptable values for this parameter are: False, True, or NotConfigured. 

- True: Hyper-V firewall allows traffic between guest and host.
- False: Hyper-V firewall blocks traffic between guest and host.
- NotConfigured: Resets this value back to its default.

The default setting is False.

```yaml
Type: GpoBoolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: False, True, NotConfigured

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllowHostPolicyMerge
Specifies that the host firewall policy should be merged into the effective policy. 

> This setting controls whether host firewall profile settings (DefaultInboundAction, DefaultOutboundAction, Enabled, AllowLocalFirewallRules) as well as host firewall rules (only rules which are IP 5-tuple based, i.e, not having any local conditions such as application) should be applicable to Hyper-V firewall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting controls whether host firewall profile settings (DefaultInboundAction, DefaultOutboundAction, Enabled, and AllowLocalFirewallRules) as well as host firewall rules (only rules that are IP 5-tuple based, that is, not having any local conditions such as application) should be applicable to Hyper-V firewall.

```

Policy configurations may come from many stores. If this setting is True, the following order of precedence is used for determining the effective policy (highest priority to lowest priority):
- Host Firewall Group Policy
- Hyper-V Firewall MDM
- Host Firewall MDM
- Hyper-V Firewall Local
- Host Firewall Local

The acceptable values for this parameter are: False, True, or NotConfigured.

> - True: Host firewall rules and settings are applied to Hyper-V Firewall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- True: Host firewall rules and settings are applied to Hyper-V firewall.

```

- False: Host firewall rules and settings are not applied to Hyper-V firewall
- NotConfigured: Resets this value back to its default.

The default setting is True.

```yaml
Type: GpoBoolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: False, True, NotConfigured

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies that the settings are applicable only to the Hyper-V firewall VM creator with the matching Id.
The format for this value is a GUID enclosed in brackets: '{9E288F02-CE00-4D9E-BE2B-14CE463B0298}'.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: VMCreatorId
Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ThrottleLimit
Specifies the maximum number of concurrent operations that can be established to run the cmdlet.

> If this parameter is omitted or a value of `0` is entered, then Windows PowerShell® calculates an optimum throttle limit for the cmdlet based on the number of CIM cmdlets that are running on the computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this parameter is omitted or a value of `0` is entered, Windows PowerShell calculates an optimum throttle limit for the cmdlet based on the number of CIM cmdlets that are running on the computer.

```

The throttle limit applies only to the current cmdlet, not to the session or to the computer.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimInstance#root\StandardCimv2\NetFirewallHyperVVMSettings
The `Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimInstance` object is a wrapper class that displays Windows Management Instrumentation (WMI) objects.

> The path after the pound sign (`#`) provides the namespace and class name for the underlying WMI object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The path after the pound sign (`£`) provides the namespace and class name for the underlying WMI object.

```
